Add more checkout scm examples by sophia (#1267)
jenkinsci/git-plugin: README.adoc

          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/git-client-plugin.git']]])
---

==== Checkout with a shallow clone to reduce data traffic

Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and with a shallow clone which  requests a limited number of commits from the tip of the requested branch(es) thereby saving time, data transfer and disk space.

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],

>           extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', noTags: false, reference: '', shallow: true]],

Reviewer: It helps the reader if we remove parameters that have the default value.
```suggestion
          extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', shallow: true]],
```

Reviewer: If we need to chat more about this, I can unresolve it.

Reviewer: After it is resolved, then Mark or Sophia would resolve it.

          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
---

==== Checkout with a narrow refspec

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and with refspec defined for the repository. This can save time, data transfer and disk space when you only need to access the references specified by the refspec.

Reviewer: Since the repository URL is for ws-cleanup, need to make the text match the example.  This repository prefers sentence per line formatting in the documentation, so inserted a line break at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
Checkout from the workspace cleanup plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and with refspec defined for the repository.
This can save time, data transfer and disk space when you only need to access the references specified by the refspec.
```

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],

>           extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', noTags: false, reference: '', shallow: false, honorRefspec: true]],

Reviewer: Skip the arguments that have the default value
```suggestion
          extensions: [[$class: 'CloneOption', honorRefspec: true]],
```

>           userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])

Reviewer: Need to include the refspec argument in the `userRemoteConfigs` values
```suggestion
          userRemoteConfigs: [[refspec: '+refs/heads/master:refs/remotes/origin/master',
              url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
```

---

==== Checkout and prune stale remote branches

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and with prune tags extension enabled. This removes remote tracking branches from the local workspace if they no longer exist on the remote.

Reviewer: Match the plugin name from the example in the text explanation.  This repository prefers sentence per line formatting in the documentation, so inserted a line break at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
Checkout from the workspace cleanup plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and with prune tags extension enabled.
This removes remote tracking branches from the local workspace if they no longer exist on the remote.
```

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],
          extensions: [[pruneTags(true)]],
          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
---

==== Clean after checkout and delete untracked nested repositories

> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and clean checkout extension with delete untracked nested repositories enabled. Clean the workspace after every checkout by deleting all untracked files and directories, including those which are specified in .gitignore.

Reviewer: Make the sentence match the example.  This repository prefers sentence per line formatting in the documentation, so inserted a line break at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
Checkout from the workspace cleanup plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and clean checkout extension with delete untracked nested repositories enabled.
Clean the workspace after every checkout by deleting all untracked files and directories, including those which are specified in the `.gitignore` file.
```

[source,groovy]
---
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],
          extensions: [[$class: 'CleanCheckout', deleteUntrackedNestedRepositories: true]],
          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
---

> ==== Clean before checkout and delete untracked nested repositories
> 
> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and clean checkout extension with delete untracked nested repositories enabled. Clean the workspace before every checkout by deleting all untracked files and directories, including those which are specified in .gitignore.
> 
> [source,groovy]
> ---
> checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
>           branches: [[name: '*/master']],
>           extensions: [[$class: 'CleanBeforeCheckout', deleteUntrackedNestedRepositories: true]],
>           userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
> ---

Reviewer: The plugin documentation has preferred to not describe this variant of the `clean` option because it is so similar to the one that is described earlier.  
```suggestion
```

> ==== Wipe out repository before checkout
> 
> Checkout from the git client plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch, and clean wipe workspace extension which helps to delete the contents of the workspace before building, ensuring a fully fresh workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Wipe out workspace before checkout

Remove all files in the workspace before a checkout from the workspace cleanup plugin source repository using https no credentials, a default branch.
Ensures a fully fresh workspace.
```

[source,groovy]
---

> checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
>           branches: [[name: '*/master']],
>           extensions: [[$class: 'WipeWorkspace']],
>           userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deleteDir()
checkout([$class: 'GitSCM',
          branches: [[name: '*/master']],
          userRemoteConfigs: [[url: 'https://github.com/jenkinsci/ws-cleanup-plugin']]])
```
